https://canvas.tccd.edu/courses/49353/pages/ct-vpat?wrap=1
Student Privacy, Accessibility, and VPAT Statements
This page is provided for informational purposes and the convenience of students. Each site’s information may change and should be verified by the student as needed.

All Technologies
Accessibility of all technologies
All course content and technologies have been reviewed and updated for accessibility compliance. The online course site is set up to be accessible for screen readers. If you have any content or course technologies which need to be adapted, please contact the Student Accessibility Resources (SAR) office. They will let us know what adjustments to content or technologies need to be made.

FERPA and Student Privacy
In this class, our use of technology will make student names visible within the course website, but only to other students in the same class. The College uses a secure, password-protected course website. If you are required to use any tool external to Canvas for learning activities or assignment completion, a link or description of privacy policies will be included in the directions provided in the course site.

Canvas
Privacy
Canvas is a centrally licensed online course management tool which requires password login. The use of Canvas by this course adheres to the Family Educational Rights & Privacy Act (FERPA)Links to an external site. and Higher Learning Commission (HLC) standards. The Canvas (Instructure, Inc.) privacy policyLinks to an external site. complies with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield FrameworkLinks to an external site. regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information.

Accessibility
Canvas is compliant, with exceptions, with the WCAG 2.1 AA accessibility standards, revised Section 508 Standards and the EN 301 549 accessibility requirements. Click for their VPAT StatementLinks to an external site..



Microsoft TEAMS
Privacy
Meetings may be recorded and linked in Canvas to share with the class. Canvas is a protected password environment. Microsoft TEAMS participates in and has certified its compliance with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield. Go to the Microsoft TEAMS privacy policy pageLinks to an external site. for more information.

Accessibility
Microsoft TEAMS is compliant, with exceptions, with the WCAG 2.1 AA accessibility standards, revised Section 508 Standards and the EN 301 549 accessibility requirements. TEAMS provides automatic transcripts, keyboard accessibility and screen reader support. For more information see the Accessibility SupportLinks to an external site. page. Click for their VPAT StatementLinks to an external site..

Respondus
Privacy
Respondus partners with Online ADA, experts in user accessibility and compliance. Every six months, Online ADA will audit, produce and certify the Voluntary Product Accessibility Template (VPAT)Links to an external site. for LockDown Browser and Respondus Monitor. This ensures our accessibility documentation is kept up to date, and can alert us to issues missed with internal accessibility testing.

Accessibility with LockDown Browser & Respondus MonitorLinks to an external site.
LockDown Browser is a client application installed to a user’s computing device. It is based on the Chromium Embedded Framework (CEF) and renders content nearly identically to other browsers based on CEF (eg. Chrome, Edge).

Respondus Monitor is a web application that builds upon the LockDown Browser technology. When an exam requires the use of both LockDown Browser and Respondus Monitor, examinees go through a “startup sequence” that guides them through a webcam check and other requirements by the instructor.

From an end-user's standpoint (and hence, from an accessibility standpoint), the technology for LockDown Browser and Respondus Monitor are essentially the same.

Turnitin
Privacy
Turnitin has certified its compliance with the EU-US and Swiss-US Privacy Shield Frameworks and has taken the Student Privacy Pledge, put forth by the Future of Privacy Forum (FPF) and the Software & Information Industry Association (SIIA). For more information see the Turnitin Privacy and Security pageLinks to an external site..

Accessibility
Turnitin conforms to the WCAG 2.0 AA accessibility standards of the World Wide Web Consortium (W3C) and Section 508 of the Rehabilitation Act. For more information see the Turnitin accessibility direction pageLinks to an external site. and Voluntary Product Accessibility TemplatesLinks to an external site. (VPATs) page. Click for their VPAT StatementLinks to an external site..



Flip (Formerly Flipgrid)
Privacy
Flip integrates with Canvas and default settings only allow students within the class to have access to other student videos within a grid. Flip adheres to the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information. For more information see the Flip privacy statementLinks to an external site..

Accessibility
Flip follows accessibility best practices which include automated captions editable by users, keyboard navigation and screen reader compatibility. For more information see the Flip accessibility statementLinks to an external site.. Click for their VPAT StatementLinks to an external site.. (Note: Flip is a Microsoft-owned product.)

Updated Fall 2023